yeah this is, one of my friends asked mesome
thing like this as well, when I talk aboutthem,
sometimes I catch myself doing it, talking
about tax, if we don't tax them thenthe
future is going to be bad for us and our
kids um this is a funny one for me because
you know like um obviously I've spoken in videos
and in the media that I've made a lot of money um
so some people say that that means
I'm on their side, I'm one of them, um
but it's a funny one because you know
like I've said in many videos i grew up poor
like in the school I was in I was like I was the
poorest kid in the school one of the poorest
kids in school and i was poor up until i was 22
23 when i was started doing this job you know
um and I've experienced most of my life it's been
a life being poor and my parents are poor youknow
you know, my brother's doing alright now
my sister struggles to get through sometimes
and a lot of my friends growing up are still
but then at the same time I've been to work in
the city and you know after i went to study at
Oxford and then you go to these spaces and um
they're full of rich people from rich families
and um the truth is I'm, now I'm a rich person
but I'm not from a rich family and I didn'tgo
to those schools that those kids went to so
when I feel like, who am I? where am I
from? I don't feel like those kids I
studied with at Oxford I don't feel like those
guys that I that I worked with at the bank
but i do feel like the kids growing up around
here because they're growing up how i grew up
um but at the same time like i totally understand
um as an adult i've been lucky to make money at
quite a young age and i don't have the struggles
that some of my friends have of worrying about
like am I going to be able to provide the good
life for my kids, I don't have thoseworries so
I understand thatthe money that I've made
in some ways separatesme from the people
I grew up with and the life Igrew up with
but at the same time like that wasmy life
that I grew up with you know I mean and
that's the life that still my family lives
and the people I grew up with live so um
obviously if I wanted to I could have stayed
in the city and I could have made more and
more and more money um but the kids now
who are like what I was when I was a kid
they would struggle you know like I struggled
and look if I didn't get a few lucky breaks it
wouldn't have worked out for me, I won my job in
a card game you know what I mean, you know I got
in a lot of trouble back in school and if things went
the wrong way i could have got a criminal record
and i wouldn't have been able to get in those jobs
um like i got the lucky breaks that enabled me to
make it, the truth is nowadays the vast majority
of kids from my background don't have a chance
um so I know how hard it is to come
from a poor background than most
for me what was so important is i had a
chance to make it and i did have a chance
but increasingly kids don't have a chance
and I worry what my life would have been
like if I didn't get that chance and what it's
gonna be like for the kids growing up now
and um the fact is if we don't fix things, it's not
really about the rich versus the poor it's about
like the 1% versus the rest of us, because
increasingly more and more and more families
won't have property um and will becomepoor
you know more and more people and um
I don't want to live in a world where i haveto
choose between being normal and being poor
you know what i mean or like or where
you have a choice of either being normal
or having security, the only way to have security
is to not be normal you know what I mean?
I want to live in a world where lots of people
havethe chance to live a good life you know
and it's not a choice between living, the only
way to live a good life is to separate yourself
from the rest of the people you know what I mean
that's something that I feel deeply like you know
I can work in the City if I want and I can study
in Oxford if I want but I can only do that by
living a life surrounded by people who arenot
normal and who have not lived normal lives
you know what I mean and I don't want that I want
to be able to be with normal people but also have
opportunities to make money I don't want to
have to choose between stability and having
to separate myself from the rest of the world
& the people I grew up with so, so yeah I mean
it's not as simple as us and them like it's not
likeit's not like a battle it's a question of like
do we build a society that works for most people
or one that only works for like a tiny minority
and then most people have to live a difficult
life and yeah and I know I want and um
hopefully the people watching are
gonna want the samething yeah
and they're gonna like
and subscribe innit!
but poorer families will be forcedto lose
almost all their assetsincluding their home
we have a tax system which isvery efficient
at taxing ordinary working people
but very inefficient at taxing the super rich